docs: reword references to change detection status (#41551)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/pipes.md

As shown in the previous section, you can use the impure `AsyncPipe` to accept an observable as input and subscribe to the input automatically.
You can also create an impure pipe to make and cache an HTTP request.

> Impure pipes are called whenever change detection runs for a component, which could be every few milliseconds with the default `ChangeDetectionStrategy` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Impure pipes are called whenever change detection runs for a component, since it cannot infer whether the pipe output needs to change. This could be every few milliseconds with the default `ChangeDetectionStrategy` setting.
```
